hey everyone it's neil patel and today
is the last day of facebook unlocked
where i teach you how to go from zero to
two hundred thousand followers on
facebook in this lesson we're gonna be
talking about growing your brand on
facebook if you haven't seen any of the
other previous lessons make sure you
check them out at neilpatel.com
training and click on facebook unlocked
where i also give you the cheat sheets
worksheets handouts everything you need
to get from zero to two hundred thousand
followers so let's wrap it up so that
way you can get on your way to 200 000
followers
if you're doing marketing you need to
also be on facebook look it's one of the
most popular sites on the web according
to similar web and it just fits within
the omni channel strategy everyone's on
facebook heck my mom and dad are on
facebook and so are your parents so if
you don't use facebook you're missing
out on people remember facebook just
isn't facebook facebook owns instagram
they own whatsapp they're the largest
social network out there by far if
someone tries to compete with them they
take some of their features and
eventually they try to crush them and
they keep trying to replicate until they
can beat them
some quick stats for you ninety percent
of sales still take place in store just
think about that
majority of commerce is happening
offline but
digital brands are just booming
and kovid really helped push people
forward into the digital revolution
where people are now going online and
using the web for a lot of the purchases
still majority is happening offline but
online sales are growing at a rapid pace
and when you're thinking about store
purchases 66 of these interactions are
happening on the mobile web right so
when you're thinking about digital
purchases 66 again 66 percent are
happening on mobile
so your website your post everything
that you're leveraging your marketing
material needs to be compatible with the
mobile web
so how do you grow your brand using
facebook well i'm gonna give you five
rules one before you spend any money
with facebook remember to set your
advertising goals and budget two map
your sales process from the unaware
prospect to the customer
three test everything check your ego
double down on what's working
four nail your audiences at each step of
the buying cycle
five relationships take time and a
complete strategy converts more
customers so don't expect to get the
results of what you're looking for right
away it's like asking a random person to
just marry you they're gonna say no and
that's why you need to get to know
people and build that relationship
you in other words you need to work
through so that way you can get more
conversions and there's a lot of ways
you can do this from advertising right
there's a lot of advertising uh options
out there when it comes to the facebook
ad platform and we discussed a lot of
them in the previous lesson you also
want to make sure you're leveraging the
facebook pixel this will allow facebook
to know when you have a conversion when
you don't and how they can automatically
optimize to generate you the most amount
of sales
and each engagement can be used in a way
to update your audience
depending on the state that they're in
what buying cycle that they're in
and when you look at the sales process
you want to make sure that you have
different engagements and interactions
with people so that we can move along
the whole sales process and throughout
your funnel so that way you can end up
getting a conversion
you also want to monitor events
events whether they're views clicks
this will give you idea of what's
working from engagement standpoint where
the drop-off is which will allow you to
help you optimize your conversion rate
so then that way
you know if you're not generating a sale
it's not as simple as oh my offer sucks
it could just be your ad it could be a
landing page but if you know where the
drop-off's happening you can then
optimize for that
something to keep in mind for you is
it's easy to generate clicks on facebook
it's harder to generate customers right
if you're asking someone to click
something not much of a commitment if
you're asking someone to open up their
wallet and swipe their credit card or
give you cash it's a much bigger
commitment keep in mind building
long-term relationships and trusts will
help you convert more people into
customers later down the road another
strategy that we use which is a longer
term strategy but it's allowed us to
scale our ads more is we take people we
send them to blog posts we then remarket
them and then we end up sending those
people an ad that drives them to a
landing page or a sales page which then
allows us to convert people it's two ads
instead of one right because first we
send them to a blog post then we
remarket them on facebook and then send
them to a landing page where they're
buying but that process in general is
cheaper from a cpa perspective compared
to if we just took cold traffic and sent
them to a landing page where they can
just buy in the first place
we're using a funnel and part of our
funnel also involves facebook ad
messenger messenger is a place where
people can communicate with other people
and you can do blaster you can do
promotions there think of it like a text
message app
people open up messages the
click-through rates are credibly high
i don't know how long it'll last but
it's this effective but i highly
recommend that you leverage it as quick
as possible
and if you're a business and you haven't
started leveraging it you can start off
at five ten twenty dollars a day and
that'll get you quite far so typical
closing rates differ from industry to
industry you may end up seeing things at
fifty to sixty percent but you could
also see things at a few percentage
points or even as high as 30
it really varies and you're gonna have
to test a lot and not just rely on what
other people are saying
the best way to maximize these
conversion rates is through a funnel
don't expect someone to go from a click
to a purchase
creating a funnel where you can warm
them up build that trust build that
authority typically increases
conversions than just driving them
directly to sale now granted there's
some businesses like amazon that already
have so much trust they can just drive
people to sale but hey let's face it
we're not amazon we're not microsoft
we're not one of these large
corporations
so with you it all starts with the
funnel and once you create a funnel you
can then
start off by targeting the right people
to drive them into your funnel through
intent such as what interests do they
have or you can use a keyword strategy
and you can use tools like ubisoft to
see what's hot and start typing in
keywords and
you know topics to see hey who are all
the people that are interested in this
it's similar to google and being you
want to think about what are people
interested in and start targeting them
that way so what i like doing is to
first start off by brainstorming a list
of broad topics related to my business
and then the second thing is i use tools
like ubersuggest to then go find more
detailed keywords more topics more
categories which then allows me to
tailor down and really narrow down and
target the right person
so some metrics that you need to know
results how many times have commercials
achieve the intended effect of the
campaign reach the number of individuals
who have seen your advertisement at
least once impressions the average
number of amount of occasions the
advertisements have been seen
and of course cost per result how much
are you spending based on the conversion
some more metrics for you there's things
like media cost metrics click metrics
awareness metrics conversion metrics the
most important one i don't want you to
get overwhelmed by them is just
optimizing for conversions so in summary
in this course if you follow the
practices i taught you with ads you
follow the templates you can start
generating quite a bit of traction
with facebook it really comes down to
caring for people if you truly care for
people respond to the comments try to
put the content that's going to help
them and not just promote your business
you're going to do better than the
people who are just self-promotional if
you want to get the most out of this
course i recommend that you watch it a
few times go check out the worksheets
and the lessons
it shouldn't take you too long to go
through them literally some of them you
can just go through within five minutes
and you can find these all at
neilpatel.com
training
i'm really proud of you to take the time
to invest in facebook i know it's not
the new kid on the block or the hot
social network but it's the largest and
it drives a lot of revenue so
congratulations on completing facebook
unlocked if you have any questions you
can leave a comment below and i'll
answer it if you want my ad agency to do
all your facebook marketing for you
check out neil patel digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you very much